Seeing the Boundary
======================
Time limit  : 1 sec
Memory limit: 64 MB
--------------------

Farmer Don watches the fence that surrounds his N meter by N meter 
square, flat field (2 <= N <= 500,000). One fence corner is at the 
origin (0, 0) and the opposite corner is at (N, N); the sides of 
Farmer Don's fence are parallel to the X and Y axes. 

Fence posts appear at all four corners and also at every meter along 
each side of the fence, for a total of 4N fence posts. The fence 
posts are vertical and are considered to have no radius. Farmer Don 
wants to determine how many of his fence posts he can watch when he 
stands at a given location within his fence. 

Farmer Don's field contains R (1 <= R <= 30,000) huge rocks that 
obscure his view of some fence posts, as he is not tall enough to 
look over any of these rocks. The base of each rock is a convex 
polygon with nonzero area whose vertices are at integer coordinates.
The rocks stand completely vertical. Rocks do not overlap, do not 
touch other rocks, and do not touch Farmer Don or the fence. Farmer 
Don does not touch the fence, does not stand within a rock, and 
does not stand on a rock.

Given the size of Farmer Don's fence, the locations and shapes of 
the rocks within it, and the location where Farmer Don stands, 
compute the number of fence posts that Farmer Don can see. If a 
vertex of a rock lines up perfectly with a fence post from Farmer 
Don's location, he is not able to see that fence post.

Input format:

* The first line of input contains two space-separated integers: 
  N and R.

* The next line of input contains two space-separated integers that 
  specify the X and Y coordinates of Farmer Don's location inside 
  the fence.
  
* The rest of the input file describes the R rocks:
  
  - Rock i's description starts with a line containing a single 
  integer p_i (3 <= p_i <= 20), the number of vertices in the rock's 
  base.
  
  - Each of the next p_i lines contains a space-separated pair of 
  integers that are the X and Y coordinates of a vertex. The 
  vertices of a rock's base are distinct and given in counterclockwise 
  order.
  
Sample input:

100 1
60 50
5
70 40
75 40
80 40
80 50
70 60

Note that the base of rock 1 has three collinear vertices: (70,40), 
(75,40), and (80,40)

Output format:

The output file should contain a single line with a single integer, 
the number of fence posts visible to Farmer Don.

Sample output:

319