Comparing Code
======================
Time limit  : 2 sec
Memory limit: 64 MB
--------------------

Racine Business Networks (RBN) has taken the Heuristic Algorithm 
Languages (HAL) company to court, claiming that HAL has taken source 
code from RBN UNIX and contributed it to the open-source operating 
system HALnix.

RBN and HAL both use a programming language with one statement per 
line, each of the form: STOREA = STOREB + STOREC where STOREA, 
STOREB, and STOREC are variable names. In particular, the first 
variable name starts in the first column and is followed by a space, 
an equals sign, a space, a second variable name, a space, the
addition symbol, a space, and a third variable name. The same 
variable name might appear more than one time on a single line. 
Variable names consist of 1...8 uppercase ASCII letters ('A'...'Z').

RBN claims that HAL copied a consecutive sequence of lines directly 
from RBN's source code, making only minor modifications:

* RBN claims that HAL changed some of the variable names in order 
to disguise their crime. That is, HAL took a series of lines from 
RBN's program and, for each variable in it, changed all occurrences 
of that variable to a new variable name, although the new variable 
name might be the same as the original. Of course, no two variables 
were changed to the same new variable name.

* RBN also claims HAL might have changed the order of the right-hand 
side of some lines: STOREA = STOREB + STOREC might have been changed 
to STOREA = STOREC + STOREB.

* RBN claims that HAL did not change the order of the lines of RBN's 
source code. Given source code for programs from RBN and HAL, find 
the longest consecutive sequence of lines from HAL's program that 
could have come from a consecutive sequence of lines from RBN's 
program using the modifications above. Note that the sequences of 
lines from the two programs do not have to start at the same line 
number in both files.

Input format:

* The first line of input contains two space-separated integers, R 
and H (1 <= R <= 1000; 1 <= H <= 1000). R is the number of lines of 
source code in RBN's program; H is the number of lines of source 
code in HAL's program.

* The next R lines contain RBN's program.

* The next H lines contain HAL's program.

Sample input:

4 3
RA = RB + RC
RC = D + RE
RF = RF + RJ
RE = RF + RF
HD = HE + HF
HM = HN + D
HN = HA + HB

Output format:

The output file should contain a single line with a single integer 
that is the length of the longest consecutive sequence of lines that 
HAL might have copied from RBN and transformed.

Sample output:

2

Lines 1-2 of RBN's program are the same as lines 2-3 of HAL's program, 
if the following variable name substitutions are performed on RBN's 
program: RA -> HM, RB -> D, RC -> HN, D -> HA, RE -> HB. There is no 
matching with three or more lines.