Cow Classes
===========

Bessie has just enrolled in a new school, the Bovine Academy! Thus, she now
has to choose which classes she wishes to take. At the Bovine Academy,
there are C (1 <= C <= 25) categories of classes, numbered 1..C. Every
class is placed into a certain category, and there are exactly T (1 <= T <=
7,500) available classes within a particular category.

To make sure each student receives a well-rounded education, every student
is required to take exactly one class in each category; furthermore, their
category 1 class must be first thing in the morning, the category 2 class
must be next, and so on until the category C class is the last one of the
day. However, within a category, students are free to choose any class they
wish.

While other students deciding whether to take a class inquire about things
like who will be teaching, Bessie knows that any teacher will appreciate
her gifted intellect, and so her only worry is making sure she has enough
energy, which is consumed by both attending classes and walking between
classes. Bessie conveniently knows that the j-th class in the i-th category
will take up E_i,j (1 <= E_i,j <= 1,000,000) of her energy each day.

Fortunately for Bessie, the design of Bovine Academy is unusually simple;
the school is a single long hall of length L (1 <= L <= 1,000,000),
starting at 0 and ending at L. Each class is located at a certain integer
location between 1 and L - 1, inclusive; the j-th class of category i is
located at position P_i,j. At the beginning of the day, Bessie must enter
the school at location 0, and she must exit at location L at the end of the
day. Note that for every 1 unit Bessie walks, she uses 1 unit of energy.

Naturally, Bessie is faced with a dilemma: she needs to know the minimum
total energy she will have to spend during school each day, if she chooses
her classes optimally.

PROBLEM NAME: cclassg

INPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: Three space-separated integers: C, T, and L.

* Lines 2..C*T+1: Each of the following C*T lines gives, respectively,
        the location and energy consumption of a class. The first T
        lines represent the classes of category 1, the next T lines
        represent the classes of category 2, and so on. Note that no
        two classes in the same category will have the same location.

SAMPLE INPUT:

3 2 5
2 1
3 1
4 1
1 3
1 4
3 2

INPUT DETAILS:

Bessie must take 3 classes every day, and for each she has 2 choices. The
school has length 5. Her first possible class is located at position 2 and
will take 1 unit of energy each day, etc.

OUTPUT FORMAT:

* Line 1: A single integer representing the minimum amount of energy
        Bessie's classes must take.

SAMPLE OUTPUT:

11

OUTPUT DETAILS:

Here is one way to obtain the minimum energy:
 * Go to the class at location 2. Energy used: 3
 * Next, go to the class at location 4. Energy used: 6
 * Then go to the class at location 3. Energy used: 9
 * Finally, leave the school at location 5. Energy used: 11